---
layout: page
title: Hire Samuel Giddins
---

I'm Samuel Giddins. You probably know me as `segiddins` from the internet, or or
from open-source projects like Realm, CocoaPods, Bundler, and RubyGems. For the
past four years, I've been a core developer on some of the most used package
management systems in the world, helping to maintain the projects and
infrastructure keeping the Ruby and Cocoa worlds humming.

This December I'll be finishing my Mathematics and Economics degree at the
University of Chicago, which is good news for all of you reading this since I'll
be looking for a full-time position. If you've ever wanted to hire a Ruby,
Swift, or iOS expert or wanted to support my continuing work on those
ecosystems, this is your chance!

My background is mostly developer tooling, packaging, compiler design, and web
technologies, but I'm always interested in new challenges and working on new
types of problems and software. Some priorities I am looking for in a team
include a healthy work-life balance, a diverse and welcoming culture, and a
drive to build products that tackle real-world issues.

I'm currently located in Chicago but open to relocation elsewhere or
remote/distributed teams. As a frequent conference speaker, I will be on the
road occasionally, so some remote time will be important.

I am a passionate open-source contributor and it is important to me to be able
to continue to guide the projects I've been involved with for the past several
years. I would love it if this was a part of my job description, but at a
minimum I'll need a team and organization that is understanding of the demands
of open-source.

If you think you've got the perfect opportunity for me I look forward to hearing
from you! You can reach me at
[segiddins@segiddins.me](mailto:segiddins@segiddins.me?subject=Come%20work%20with%20me%20at%20$NAME).
